Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 15, 2026
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

• Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

• Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
• Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Nepal Hemp Collective, Karyabinayak, Bagmati Province, Nepal.

• Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

• Country refers to: Nepal
• Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
• Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
• Service refers to the Website.
• Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

• Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

• Website refers to Nepal Hemp Collective, accessible from https://nepalhempcollective.com/

• You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

• Email address

• First name and last name

• Phone number

• Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City

• Usage Data

Usage Data Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:

• Cookies or Browser Cookies: A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.

• Web Beacons: Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics.

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser.

We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

• Necessary / Essential Cookies (Type: Session Cookies) Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.

• Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies (Type: Persistent Cookies) Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
• Functionality Cookies (Type: Persistent Cookies) Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
• To provide and maintain our Service: including to monitor the usage of our Service.
• To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service.

• For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased.

• To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication.
• To provide You: with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about.
• To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

• For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets.

• For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers: to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, or to contact You.
For business transfers: in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition.
With Affiliates: in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
With business partners: to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users.
With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You. You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
• Business Transactions: If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred.

• Law enforcement: Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities.

• Other legal requirements: The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, protect and defend the rights or property of the Company, prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing, or protect against legal liability.
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and updating the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: https://nepalhempcollective.com

Terms and Conditions
Welcome to Nepal Hemp Collective!
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Nepal Hemp Collective's Website, located at https://nepalhempcollective.com/.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use Nepal Hemp Collective if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and all Agreements: "Client", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person log on this website and compliant to the Company's terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We", "Our" and "Us", refers to our Company. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client's needs in respect of provision of the Company's stated services, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing laws of Nepal. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.

Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By accessing Nepal Hemp Collective, you agreed to use cookies in agreement with the Nepal Hemp Collective's Privacy Policy.
Most interactive websites use cookies to let us retrieve the user's details for each visit. Cookies are used by our website to enable the functionality of certain areas to make it easier for people visiting our website. Some of our affiliate/advertising partners may also use cookies.

License
Unless otherwise stated, Nepal Hemp Collective and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on Nepal Hemp Collective. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from Nepal Hemp Collective for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from Nepal Hemp Collective
Sell, rent or sub-license material from Nepal Hemp Collective
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from Nepal Hemp Collective
Redistribute content from Nepal Hemp Collective
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
Parts of this website offer an opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions and information in certain areas of the website. Nepal Hemp Collective does not filter, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their presence on the website. Comments do not reflect the views and opinions of Nepal Hemp Collective, its agents and/or affiliates. Comments reflect the views and opinions of the person who post their views and opinions. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, Nepal Hemp Collective shall not be liable for the Comments or for any liability, damages or expenses caused and/or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website.
Nepal Hemp Collective reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which can be considered inappropriate, offensive or causes breach of these Terms and Conditions.
You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;
The Comments do not invade any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark of any third party;
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material which is an invasion of privacy;
The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
You hereby grant Nepal Hemp Collective a non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.

Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Website without prior written approval:
• Government agencies;
• Search engines;
• News organizations;
• Online directory distributors may link to our Website in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Websites of other listed businesses; and
• System wide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Website information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products and/or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party's site.
We may consider and approve other link requests from the following types of organizations:
• commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources;
• dot.com community sites;
• associations or other groups representing charities;
• online directory distributors;
• internet portals;
• accounting, law and consulting firms; and
• educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we decide that: (a) the link would not make us look unfavorably to ourselves or to our accredited businesses; (b) the organization does not have any negative records with us; (c) the benefit to us from the visibility of the hyperlink compensates the absence of Nepal Hemp Collective; and (d) the link is in the context of general resource information.
These organizations may link to our home page so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party's site.
If you are one of the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must inform us by sending an e-mail to Nepal Hemp Collective. Please include your name, your organization name, contact information as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Website, and a list of the URLs on our site to which you would like to link. Wait 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Website as follows:
• By use of our corporate name; or
• By use of the uniform resource locator being linked to; or
• By use of any other description of our Website being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party's site.
No use of Nepal Hemp Collective's logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.

iFrames
Without prior approval and written permission, you may not create frames around our Webpages that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Website.

Content Liability
We shall not be hold responsible for any content that appears on your Website. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that is rising on your Website. No link(s) should appear on any Website that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.

Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Website. You approve to immediately remove all links to our Website upon request. We also reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and its linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to our Website, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.

Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Website that is offensive for any reason, you are free to contact and inform us any moment. We will consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to or so or to respond to you directly.
We do not ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we promise to ensure that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.

Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website. Nothing in this disclaimer will:
• limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury;
• limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
• limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
• exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort and for breach of statutory duty.
As long as the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.

Shipping & Returns Policy
LAST MODIFIED: April 15, 2026
Nepal Hemp Collective, referred to as "we" and "us", operates the website (https://nepalhempcollective.com/) referred to as the "Website". When you place an order through this Website, you accept the following terms. These terms are established to ensure mutual understanding and agreement between both parties regarding our services and to protect the interests of both parties.
1. General
Subject to stock availability, we make an effort to keep accurate stock numbers on our website. However, on occasion, there may be an error in our stock count, leading to a situation where we cannot fulfill all your items at the time of purchase. If this occurs, we will deliver the available products to you and get in touch with you to determine if you prefer to wait for the restocked item or receive a refund.
2. Shipping Costs
The shipping fee is calculated during the checkout process, based on the weight, dimensions, and delivery location of the items in the order. The shipping payment will be added to the overall purchase amount and will serve as the final cost for the customer.
3. Returns
3.1 Return Due To Change Of Mind
At Nepal Hemp Collective, we are more than happy to accommodate returns based on a change of mind, provided that the request for return is received by us within 3 days of receipt of the item.
The item must be returned in its original packaging, unopened and in a condition that is suitable for resale.
The customer will be responsible for paying for the return shipping and must arrange for the shipping themselves.
Once the return is received and accepted, we will process a refund in the form of store credit for a future purchase. We will notify you via email once the process is completed.
Please note that while we will refund the value of the returned goods, we will not refund the shipping costs that were originally paid by the customer.
3.2 Warranty Returns
Nepal Hemp Collective is committed to fulfilling all legitimate warranty claims, but they must be submitted within 90 days of receiving the items.
• To facilitate the return process, customers will need to pay for the shipping upfront, but Nepal Hemp Collective will reimburse the cost upon a successful warranty claim.
• Once Nepal Hemp Collective receives the returned items for a warranty claim, we aim to process it within 7 days.
• Upon confirming your warranty claim, you will have the option to choose from:
Reimbursement to the payment method used;
An in-store credit refund;
Receiving a new item (if stock is readily available).
4. Delivery Terms
4.1 Transit Time Domestically
Typically, it takes 2 to 7 days for domestic shipments within Nepal to be delivered.
4.2 Transit Time Internationally
International shipping typically takes between 4 to 22 days in transit, with the exact duration depending on the courier chosen. An accurate estimate can be provided during the checkout process when selecting the courier.
4.3 Dispatch Time
Orders are typically sent out within 2 working days after payment has been received. Our warehouse operates from Monday to Friday during standard business hours, except on national holidays when it is closed. During these holidays, measures are taken to minimize shipment delays.
4.4 Change Of Delivery Address
Regarding requests for changing the delivery address, we can alter it prior to the dispatch of the order.
4.5 P.O. Box Shipping
Nepal Hemp Collective will only use standard postal services for delivering to P.O. box addresses. Private courier services are not available for these types of addresses.
4.6 Military Address Shipping
The shipping of packages to military addresses is possible with standard national postal services; however, private courier services do not offer this service.
4.7 Items Out Of Stock
In the event of an item being unavailable, we will process a cancellation and refund for the out-of-stock item and proceed with shipping the remaining items in the order.
4.8 Delivery Time Exceeded
Please contact us if the delivery time has surpassed the expected delivery window, so we can initiate an inquiry.
5. Tracking Notifications
Once their order is dispatched, customers will receive a tracking link which will allow them to monitor the status of their shipment, as updated by the shipping provider.
6. Parcels Damaged In Transit
In the event of a damaged parcel during transit, kindly reject it from the courier if possible and reach out to our customer service team. If the parcel was delivered in your absence, please inform our customer service team for further instructions.
7. Duties & Taxes
7.1 Sales Tax
Sales tax has already been applied to the price of the goods as displayed on the website.
7.2 Import Duties & Taxes
The customs duties and taxes for international deliveries will be taken care of ahead of time, without requiring the customer to pay any additional charges when the shipment reaches its destination country.
8. Cancellations
You may cancel your order at any time prior to dispatch. However, if your order has already been dispatched, kindly refer to our return policy for further information.
9. Insurance
The insurance coverage for the loss and damage of parcels is up to the value declared by the courier.
9.1 Process for parcel damaged in-transit
We will process a refund or replacement as soon as the courier has completed their investigation into the claim.
9.2 Process for parcel lost in transit
As soon as the courier finishes investigating the claim, we will proceed with either a refund or a replacement.
10. Customer Service
For all customer service enquiries, please contact us via our contact page: https://nepalhempcollective.com/contact-us

Return and Refund Policy
Last updated: April 15, 2026
Thank you for shopping at Nepal Hemp Collective.
If, for any reason, You are not completely satisfied with a purchase We invite You to review our policy on refunds and returns.
The following terms are applicable for any products that You purchased with Us.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Return and Refund Policy:
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Nepal Hemp Collective, Karyabinayak, Bagmati Province, Nepal.
Goods refer to the items offered for sale on the Service.
Orders mean a request by You to purchase Goods from Us.
Service refers to the Website.
Website refers to Nepal Hemp Collective, accessible from https://nepalhempcollective.com/
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Your Order Cancellation Rights
You are entitled to cancel Your Order within 30 days without giving any reason for doing so.
The deadline for cancelling an Order is 30 days from the date on which You received the Goods or on which a third party you have appointed, who is not the carrier, takes possession of the product delivered.
In order to exercise Your right of cancellation, You must inform Us of your decision by means of a clear statement. You can inform us of your decision by:
• By visiting this page on our website: https://nepalhempcollective.com/contact-us
We will reimburse You no later than 14 days from the day on which We receive the returned Goods. We will use the same means of payment as You used for the Order, and You will not incur any fees for such reimbursement.

Conditions for Returns
In order for the Goods to be eligible for a return, please make sure that:
• The Goods were purchased in the last 30 days
• The Goods are in the original packaging
The following Goods cannot be returned:
• The supply of Goods made to Your specifications or clearly personalized.
• The supply of Goods which according to their nature are not suitable to be returned, deteriorate rapidly or where the date of expiry is over.
• The supply of Goods which are not suitable for return due to health protection or hygiene reasons and were unsealed after delivery.
• The supply of Goods which are, after delivery, according to their nature, inseparably mixed with other items.
We reserve the right to refuse returns of any merchandise that does not meet the above return conditions in our sole discretion.
Only regular priced Goods may be refunded. Unfortunately, Goods on sale cannot be refunded. This exclusion may not apply to You if it is not permitted by applicable law.

Returning Goods
You are responsible for the cost and risk of returning the Goods to Us. You should send the Goods at the following address:
Nepal Hemp Collective
Karyabinayak, Bagmati Province, Nepal
We cannot be held responsible for Goods damaged or lost in return shipment. Therefore, We recommend an insured and trackable mail service. We are unable to issue a refund without actual receipt of the Goods or proof of received return delivery.

Gifts
If the Goods were marked as a gift when purchased and then shipped directly to you, You'll receive a gift credit for the value of your return. Once the returned product is received, a gift certificate will be mailed to You.
If the Goods weren't marked as a gift when purchased, or the gift giver had the Order shipped to themselves to give it to You later, We will send the refund to the gift giver.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Returns and Refunds Policy, please contact us:
• By visiting this page on our website: https://nepalhempcollective.com/contact-us